Added schema tagging docs for passthrough (#154)
apollographql/docs: src/content/studio/federated-graphs.mdx

  width="388"
/>

## Schema tagging

> Annotating fields and types in your subgraphs with `@tag` directives can help document your API. You can enable these tags to pass through to your consumers in Schema Reference and Explorer by updating the build configuration for a variant.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In your subgraph schemas, you can use the `@tag` directive to tag a type or field with an arbitrary string value:

```graphql {4} title="products.graphql"
  type Product {
  id: ID!
  name: String!
  codename: String! @tag(name: "internal")
}
```

By default, these tags are _removed_ from the [API schema](/federation/federated-types/overview/#api-schema) that's generated as part of composition. This means that tag information _isn't visible_ to clients querying your supergraph.

If tag information _should_ be visible to clients (for example, to help document your API), you can enable this for a variant in Studio with the following steps:
````

> To annotate your schema, you first add `@tag` directives in your subgraphs for the fields and types you would like to document. 
> 
> Here is an example of how you could tag a field with a description.
> 
> ```graphql title="schema.graphql"
>   type Product {
>   id: ID!
>   name: String!
>   codename: String! @tag(name: "internal")
> }
>   ```
> You then need to update your graph’s configuration in Apollo Studio to permit the tags in the subgraphs to pass through to your schema for consumers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Go to the **Settings** page for your variant in Apollo Studio. 

> 2. On the **General** tab, click **Edit Configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **General** tab, click **Edit Configuration**. The Update Build Configuration dialog appears.
3. If you have a Federation 1 supergraph, enable the toggle for the `@tag` directive under **Directives** (this step isn't necessary for Federation 2 supergraphs).
4. Under **Build Settings**, enable the toggle labeled **Show all uses of @tag directives to consumers in Schema Reference and Explorer**.
4. Click **Save**. 
```

> 3. Under **Build Settings**, enable the toggle labeled **Show all uses of @tag directives to consumers in Schema Reference and Explorer** and then click **Save**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For supergraphs using federation version 1, you must first enable the @tag directives toggle on this settings page before you can enable the `@tag` passthrough toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once you have enabled passthrough for your `@tag` directives for a variant, you can view directives inline with Schema Reference and Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you make your `@tag` directives visible, you can view them inline with both the Schema and Explorer tabs in Studio.
```

> In the **Schema > Reference** tab, you will see tags inline with the identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Schema > Reference** tab, tags are shown inline with each type and field:
```

<img
  class="screenshot"
  src="./img/federated-graphs/schema-reference-tag-passthrough.png"
  alt="Studio screenshot showing tag directive in Schema Reference"

>   width="424"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  width="600"
```

Reviewer: (This one's a bit wee at the moment)

/>

> You will also see the tags in Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags are also visible in the Explorer's Documentation tab:
```
